hello today's our view is going to be on
the motion radioactive ram and they are
quite unique because they come with an
yellow color and a radioactive symbol
and on the back which I'll be opening up
and on the back gives you step-by-step
sand search instructions on how to set
your ham on to your motherboard if it
will focus probably will still gives you
different pictures and it gives you a
thumbs up for by Myshkin okay and for
the ram or dims themself okay so
with what this round module it comes
with the standard motion black line or
frostbite heat sink with a different
relationship with a design that is
optimal for airflow and to cool your
memory and these this current dem is
rated for 1600 megahertz at 999 24 at
1.5 volts and I forgot to mention that
both these are four gigabytes tix
equaling eight gigs total and i'll be
having some more pictures
you
thank you for taking the time to watch
my overview of the Machine radioactive
memory